Support credentials and SSL with SQLAlchemy via HTTP/DB URIs (#400)
crate/crate-python: CHANGES.txt

  HTTP by default. Previously, this setting defaulted to false. This setting
  can be changed via the ``verify_ssl_cert`` connection parameter.

- Adjusted connect arguments to accept credentials within the HTTP URI.

> - Optionally enable SSL using SQLAlchemy DB URI with parameter ``?ssl=true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for enabling SSL using SQLAlchemy DB URI with parameter ``?ssl=true``.
```

Author: Thanks. Your suggestion has also been implemented with f1b22382f5.

- Adjusted connect arguments to accept credentials within the HTTP URI.

> - Adjusted connect arguments to enable SSL using SQLAlchemy DB URI.

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase this to make it more end-user comprehensible

Author: Good idea. I tried to rephrase it with 9984cc4826.
